This week was all about
style. We're here today. It's
not to grocery shop.
I am so excited to shoot
avant garde.
Ow. That was my scalp.
You complain
like no one's business.
You have to stop it.
If you tell me something,
you have to prove it to me.
Because now
you lied to me.
The next name
I'm gonna call is--
I think we're making
a mistake for a second.
Congratulations, Kyle.
It was very difficult
to make this decision.
♪ Crank,
crank that ♪
- Hey, y'all.
- Oh, hello, Kyle.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- No, you're not.
Last week,
I was in the bottom two.
I do find a lot of this process
to be emotionally taxing.
Ew, this is dirty.
It would be nice
having someone in this house
who is comforting me.
Marissa is really hot
and really distracting.
I see something in Marissa
that I don't see in myself,
and that's usually
what I'm attracted to.
I definitely do want to try
to get to know her
a little bit better
and get closer to her.
Yeah?
I don't want to say
it's not fair,
because they're judges,
they're allowed to do
whatever they want,
but I felt the most bad
for you guys in that moment
when we were just
standing there like--
- That was weird!
- It's just, like,
it's awkward
for the rest of us.
I honestly don't get it.
Last panel was really,
really, really hard.
The judges didn't see
the editorial girl
they're looking for.
But I'm using that fuel,
that drive,
to push me even harder
and excel in this competition
and prove him wrong.
I try so hard,
and tonight
she made it a point,
"No, you really need
to impress me,"
like, "This is your
last chance" type thing.
( whimpers )
Please!
Yes, I'm riddled
with anxiety.
Marissa:
With Kyle and I,
I like hanging out with her.
She's definitely
a very sweet, sweet girl,
and I just like
that she's mature
and she's not filled
with drama.
And I don't believe
that love has a gender.
I would fall in love
with a girl.
with a guy. Anything.
So what are you
thinking about?
Can I just explain to you,
when I like somebody,
it makes me really shy.
I've very attracted to,
like, your presence.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
I never got the vibe.
I just did not think
your personality would
mix well with mine.
- But opposites
like, attract.
- Mm-hmm.
So, like,
I like what I like.
We should go to bed, though.
Ashley: Ladies!
India:
I was upstairs
just doing my thing.
I hear Ashley Graham
in our living room.
- No way! Ashley?
- Hi!
- We're gonna cook dinner!
- Whoo!
We get to cook dinner
and spend the rest
of the evening with Ashley.
- How are you? Good.
- Good.
I wanted to come
and hang out with you guys
because first of all,
I just wanted to
get to know you guys
a little bit better
on a personal level
because I hate
just meeting you guys
at eliminations.
So this week's theme
is all about body
and strength.
I'll be your mentor
this entire week,
starting with
tomorrow's challenge.
- Yay!
- I have been in your shoes.
I have been
the girl who's like,
"I don't feel good enough.
I'm fighting against
these other models.
How do I get to the top?"
And as a model,
eating right
is very important.
Right? Not, not eating.
You have to eat healthy.
So we're gonna make
my signature favorite
dish tonight,
and it's called
kale pesto pasta.
- Ooh!
- Let's get started.
- Yay!
- All right.
Woo!
Ashley:
Maybe two bunches of kale.
There's never
enough cheese.
How are you feeling?
You know,
I did want to ask you,
'cause the more
I hear about you,
the more similarities--
I identify with a lot
of things you've said.
Ashley has been
so supportive to me
throughout this competition,
and I relate to her
on so many levels.
The judges are
always telling me that
I'm too sexy
and that is something
that I've been struggling
with all of my life.
For example,
like, growing up
in my childhood,
I was, like,
sexually harassed--
- Oh, my God.
- So many things that, like,
I know, like, you also
go through that, too.
Yeah, I have been
through that. Yeah.
It's always been
a struggle for me.
- Just like...
- For me, like,
I'm using my body
to break a barrier.
And the bigger message for me
is to let women
who look like me
know that they are
beautiful and that they--
they don't have
to be over-sexualized
to be beautiful.
You know what?
Tell your story.
That's your message.
That's what the girls--
it's like, oh, my gosh.
I shouldn't be ashamed,
I shouldn't be embarrassed.
No, the only thing
we should be ashamed of
is that hoodie--
that full-length onesie.
She takes pride in that.
You don't understand.
For her to connect with me
and open up to me
one on one
was very inspiring,
very touching.
I know what I want
for myself
and I have big dreams
and ambitions
and I'm not gonna stop
until I accomplish them.
- Should we say grace?
- Oh, wait. Go for it.
- Who says it?
- Not me.
I'll say it. Dear Lord,
or the universe,
or whatever you believe in,
thank you for giving us
this opportunity
to become friends,
to become sisters,
to become America's
next Top Model.
And thank you so much
for being present
in this moment
and allowing us to be
supportive of one another
but also competing with
the utmost of fierceness.
- Amen.
- And bless this food.
- Amen!
- ( laughing )
So what are
the biggest challenges?
For me, I know
100% in my heart,
I am a boss.
So how do I make
you guys see that?
I think that
as we continue to go
through eliminations
and challenges,
we'll really see
the true you
and who's able
to create something
beyond just their image.
Y'all definitely have
given us some heart attacks
in this house, for sure.
I bet. I bet.
Last elimination was rough.
- Oh, yeah.
- Kyle: Law said it was down
to the way that I stood,
and I'm really disappointed
that he got that
impression from me.
You know what would be
really interesting, Kyle?
How did you know
I was gonna say that?
Why not, Kyle?
Go for it.
I'm actually gonna be
really disappointed
if you're not
wearing high heels.
Well, then I have
to wear heels.
If you aren't,
I'm gonna call you out.
Today was so much fun
with Ashley coming over
and making dinner.
Give me a quick tour.
I want to see the rest
of the house.
It seems like Ashley
wanted to give me another
chance.
I'm gonna keep trying
to change those judges'
minds about me,
and definitely gonna
fight for it.
Ashley:
I'm so glad
I got to interact
and meet all of you guys
on a deeper level.
- Seriously.
- Thank you.
- Girl, I got a man
at home waiting on me.
Okay, I'm the one
that can leave, all right?
- Bye, guys! Love you.
- Bye!
See you tomorrow.
I think Ashley
is super bomb.
It was just
a really good night.
We all got to vibe out.
Binta:
After Ashley left,
I was embarrassed.
You can't even
walk in this house
with your bare feet
because it's just nasty.
Can we just do it now?
Like, a 15-minute
clean session
- with everyone doing--
- I'll start.
They didn't take their time
doing anything.
I'm telling you,
they did not clean anything.
Nothing.
What do you want us
to be doing?
- Our bedroom--
- The restrooms are not clean.
Y'all didn't do ( bleep ).
Tatiana just annoyed
the ( bleep ) out of me.
I cleaned the bathroom
last time,
and she has stupid hairs
that are all over the floor.
Not mine.
- I spray it every day.
- This looks cleans to you?
No, I'm saying
I spray it down every day.
Tatiana:
I feel like she was trying
to antagonize me.
I don't do well with
personalities like that,
because I will go
from zero to 100
really, really quick.
But, Binta, everyone is in
and out of the bathroom.
You're the only one
who has water everywhere.
You're right. Bye.
Okay, bye, bye, bye.
Binta:
What I'm telling you that--
Just stop talking!
I don't wanna talk about it.
- Shut up!
Shut the ( bleep ) up!
- I'm telling you--
You can yell.
I can yell louder.
That's it, period.
I'm not gonna go at it
with you over something
that you've done.
- What have I done?
- You don't want me
to get mad you at you.
Who has been cleaning
this bathroom?
Yes! Literally every day!
I'm wiping it up!
Okay, bye, shut up!
Bye, my ass, bitch!
You ain't gonna do ( bleep ),
so shut the ( bleep ) up.
All I'm telling you is
do not tell me you do
when you know you ain't
doing nothing, okay?
I can't control my hands.
I will ( bleep ) hit a bitch.
I'm not being difficult.
Marissa has a little bit
of a temper.
You're out of your
( bleep ) mind.
( imitating
suspenseful music )
You just don't give me
the best photos.
- I tried to keep my
face-- - You don't even try with
your face.
Binta:
You're the one that's making
this bathroom dirty more!
- Tatiana:
Okay, bye, shut up!
- Bye, my ass, bitch!
You ain't gonna do ( bleep
), so shut the ( bleep ) up.
- You right.
I can't do ( bleep ).
- Yeah!
If I could, then I would.
Literally every time I
come in the bathroom after you,
the whole ( bleep ) is
wet. It's soaking wet.
- That's a lie!
- That's annoying.
That's a lie. That's a lie.
You cannot say that.
- You cannot say that.
- Have a good night.
Bitch, you know
you ain't gonna do ( bleep ).
Tatiana:
We're not even arguing
because you have
nothing to say but,
"Bitch, bitch, bitch,
( bleep ) you,
bitch, bitch, bitch."
Binta:
All I'm telling you is
do not tell me
you do ( bleep )
when you know you ain't
doing nothing, okay?
Everything that comes out
of her mouth is just nasty.
Please, don't tell me,
"Oh I have swept,
I have cleaned."
Tatiana: All right,
so I'm not listening.
You need to shut up now.
I'm done.
I will do whatever
the ( bleep ) I want to do
and you're not gonna--
nothing is gonna happen.
That's what I'm telling you.
CoryAnne:
Binta is arrogant,
and does not know how
to control her emotions.
Lies! Lying!
Stupid ass bitch!
I don't like
people like you.
It's gonna definitely
be her downfall.
I'm not talking--
there's not gonna be
no conversation.
Sit there and talk
about what the ( bleep ) else
you want to talk about
but my name on
there, okay?
Marissa:
Do you want to hang out, Kyle,
or do you want to
go to sleep?
I want to hang out
for a little bit.
We can hang
out downstairs.
- Is that where you want
to? - Mm-hmm.
Kyle:
There's a lot of drama
in the house right now.
I just want to go and get
away from all of them.
I'm down to do whatever.
I didn't expect
to necessarily hit it off
with anybody
in this house.
Marissa is only 18,
almost 19 years old,
but very confident
in the fact
that she has a similar
alternative sexuality
and she has
really no hesitation
with any of that.
( Marissa giggles )
Oh, my God.
- Hi, ladies!
- Hi!
Welcome to one
of the best views
in all five boroughs.
This gorgeous skyline
is the backdrop to your
next challenge.
You'll be doing
what I like to call
extreme posing.
Each of you will
be leaping in the air
on this trampoline.
Cody:
I'm obsessed with seeing
the trampoline,
because I don't remember
the last time
I've been on a trampoline.
As a model,
action shots like these
show why it's critical
for your bodies
to always be
in tip-top shape.
And in this challenge,
you must bring
your photo to life
while looking
gorgeous in motion.
Now that sportswear is so
intertwined with fashion,
and stars like Kanye,
Rihanna, and Rita
all collaborate
with major sports brands,
you have to know how
to model in the genre.
But here's the twist,
you only get one chance
to get it right.
- Oh!
- Oh, my God.
And the model
with the best image
is gonna receive
a special treat.
- ( cheering )
- Good luck, girls!
India: We get one
shot to nail this.
We have to jump
on this trampoline,
and at the top of our jump
do a pose
and get a good shot
in one take.
Ashley:
The first girl is up!
Krislian!
Come on, pigtails.
Massimo Campana:
Start bouncing.
Get some elevation.
- Oh!
- Ooh!
Krislian:
I have a lot to prove
to the judges,
so coming in today's
challenge, I feel the pressure.
And the last time
I was on a trampoline,
I fell and I almost
broke my neck.
So getting that single take
for this shot is very scary.
Now we're gonna
do it for real.
All right,
one, two, three.
Ashley:
Krislian was trying
to be too sexy.
She was thinking
high-end editorial
and not active
sports campaign.
Even while you're
jumping on a trampoline,
you still have to model--
face, body, and attitude.
Binta!
- Ashley: Look at her.
- Massimo: Whoa!
Binta definitely looked
like she never jumped
on a trampoline before.
Maybe they didn't have
trampolines in Gambia.
One, two, three.
Ashley: Binta looked
like there was something
too strong about her face
and her mouth wasn't relaxed.
Next up is Miss Tatiana!
Tatiana:
I need to show more
of my boss qualities.
I do have all
the qualities.
I just need to make sure
everyone knows it.
Massimo: All right,
one, two, three.
Ashley: Tatiana,
her face was strong,
but I wish I could've
seen her go into a motion
instead of just
giving me a pose.
Cody!
All right, next up
is my girl India!
Paige! Strong face.
No "rah-rah" cheerleaders.
One, two, three.
Ashley:
Paige knew exactly
what she wanted to do.
Like, it was a huge billboard
in Times Square, just power.
Courtney, you're next!
CoryAnne.
Marissa:
Last night, I just sort
of kissed Kyle.
Am I her girlfriend?
Absolutely not.
Marissa!
But is there some sort of
chemistry there? Of course.
But I need to stop
thinking about it
and just focus
on the competition.
One, two, three.
Ashley:
Next up is Kyle.
Massimo:
One, two, three.
Ashley: Kyle
obviously had no plan
going into
this challenge.
As a model, it's really
important to understand
how to control your face
and your body,
but all at the same time.
Thank you ladies so much.
Massimo and I are gonna go
look at all the footage now
and come back and tell you
who won the challenge.
The thing about this
challenge that was really
important
is that we saw
a lot of definition
in the girls' bodies.
Because when
you're jumping,
all of your muscle
definition comes out.
So this is where you
really get to showcase
all of your hard work
as a model.
Massimo: Krislian
tried with the body,
but it didn't translate
in the face at all.
Binta was trying to think
outside the box.
- She was trying
to be too edgy.
- Too edgy.
I am so impressed
with Paige.
For me this is
a Nike campaign,
and she got it done.
Marissa actually
looks athletic,
her body looks great.
- She's getting prettier
and prettier to me.
- Yeah.
All right, ladies,
we've reviewed
all your photographs,
and as you know,
this challenge was about
bodies in motion.
So the winner
of this challenge is...
- Paige.
- Woo!
Paige:
I'm so excited right now.
I just won my very
first challenge.
You have won a 90-minute
deep tissue massage
at your house.
And you are gonna be able
to choose another girl
to get it done with you.
- Oh, no! Oh, no!
- Thank you so much.
You guys did a great job
and I'll see you guys later.
- Hi, guys.
- Hello.
So I win a massage
and I get to split it
with Tatiana.
Tatiana is feeling stressed
from all the screaming,
fighting,
arguing with Binta.
And it felt like
the right thing to do
to give that massage to her.
Marissa and Kyle came
literally out of nowhere,
and now they're a thing.
Now they're just booed up
all the time.
Paige:
Kyle is quiet
and Marissa is the wild child,
loud one of the house,
and I think that these
two opposites attract.
...if she goes home,
that's one less person
for me to win.
Marissa, she's my bedmate,
so I told her,
"Girl, I love you and all,
but focus on
the competition.
Oh!
Best challenge
prize ever.
( ringing )
That is sad, Kyle.
More grace, grace, grace!
Ashley:
This is so terrible.
Rita:
It's more about
your presence
and your body
and your angles.
I still feel like
you're not elevating.
There's always room
for improvement.
I definitely want to
be more toned.
I feel like my body
would be so happy
if I had a six pack.
It would really love me,
because it wants to be
a six pack,
- but I'm just not--
it wants to so bad!
- It wants to. It's begging.
- RitAlert!
- Come on, my babies!
- This is it.
- Hi, ladies.
I've been known to knock
out my competition in business.
Given that this week's theme is
all about body and strength,
now it's your turn.
Good luck.
Wait, what'd she say?
I didn't even understand.
Something about
knocking out
the competition.
Something about knocking
out the competition, basically.
- We're boxing.
- We're boxing?
I'm definitely very
active. This is gonna be my
shoot.
- Yes!
- I know how to box!
I'm so excited!
Ten seconds in
the ring with me,
y'all are done.
India:
So we walked into
Gleason's Gym
and there's speed bags
and punching bags
and boxing rings,
so of course
we're boxing today.
Welcome to
Gleason's Boxing Gym.
As a model, your body
is your business.
So you need to
learn to love it,
treat it right,
and constantly
work to improve it.
Also in the high end
editorial world right now,
boxing is so trendy.
So today you're gonna put
your bodies in motion,
and you job is
to remain beautiful
in this high impact editorial.
Working in motion,
specifically when
it's a still image,
is really, really hard.
When it's done right,
it's amazing.
When it's done wrong,
it's horrible.
I'm excited.
Kyle:
Last week I was in
the bottom two.
I know I can do
a lot better than that.
But at the same time,
the situation between
Marissa and I
is super distracting.
So it's hard.
Even though I have failed
in so many ways,
I still feel like I've had
those superstar moments.
Totally. No, I agree.
And I have control
over my emotions,
but with Marissa
it's hard.
Oh, my God. It's so much.
- Ladies. Hola!
- Hi!
So I wanted to introduce you
to a dear, dear friend of mine.
She is a super model.
She uses boxing to keep
her body in check.
She's also a fellow
"Sports Illustrated" model!
Girl, get your booty
on out here!
( cheering )
- Hi, ladies.
- Chanel Iman, ladies.
Chanel Iman is
this beautiful model.
She's been in
a Victoria's Secret
fashion show,
been in "Vogue"
and a bunch of high fashion
editorial magazines.
She's been able to do
the transition from being
sexy to editorial,
which is what I want
for myself.
It's so good
to meet you all.
- Hey!
- Hi.
And I'm so excited,
because I will be
shooting with you today.
- ( cheering )
- Yes!
- So you want to know
what that means?
- Yeah.
You all have
to out-super model
the super model.
- Oh!
- So good luck.
Oh, wow.
Very nice to meet you.
Very good.
In these shots, what
I'm looking for from them
is to actually be
a balance with Chanel,
and to show that they can
be in action with someone else
and have some type
of connection together.
Try to stretch your legs
a little bit.
- Stretch 'em?
- Yeah, make 'em longer.
Chanel: She was very
comfortable on set
and she just went
for the shot.
That's great.
Tatiana...
It's irritating
just watching it,
to be honest.
But she's not
better than me. Hell, no.
CoryAnne:
At last week's panel,
I got best photo,
so I've got to stay
at the top.
Yeah. Great, done.
Chanel:
Maybe it's easier
if we go like this?
Put your foot out
and then, one.
That's good.
Now I'm believing it more.
Ashley:
These are good,
I think we got it.
We need movement.
That's good.
Open your arm.
- Chin up a little bit.
- Much better.
Much better, Paige.
Good.
That's great.
That's beautiful.
( both screaming )
- Exactly!
- Yes!
♪ Hey, eh, eh ♪
Marissa!
You look amazing!
Ooh, thank you.
I'm ready to box for sure.
Honestly, it was
a little nerve-racking
to shoot in front
of a really hot celebrity.
Like, this is crazy.
This is the winning
team over here.
Marissa came on set
with a positive attitude,
which is great because
you feel connected
and you can get good vibes
for the shot.
What it's looking like
is this.
- Go in. Go for it.
- Okay.
- Awesome! You got it.
- Thank you so much.
Oh, you're great.
You rocked it.
Ashley:
Good job, Marissa.
Don't pose for my picture,
but keep it moving with her.
Try to swing back at her.
That is sad, Kyle.
More grace, grace, grace!
This is, like,
so terrible.
I didn't want to be
distracted by Marissa,
but she is stuck
in my freaking mind
and that kind
of drives me nuts.
- Let's move on.
- Done.
I was just definitely
not getting the shot
that they wanted.
I hope it's not
too little, too late,
otherwise I will be
the next one out the door.
I'm not in the mood,
Courtney. Like, I'm not.
And I've all ready told
you, don't mess with me when I'm
not in the mood.
I'm not ( bleep )
talking to you!
Krislian:
I'm really feeling
the pressure
with today's shoot.
I've never boxed
in my life.
I'm not athletic, really.
I hardly ever work out.
I'm more of a dancer.
- This is a big one.
- Yes.
- You've gotta nail this
one. - I do. I know.
Just need to, like, kick ass.
- Woo!
- And, action.
A little less posing.
More action and power.
Height could be an issue,
so don't--
there's no need
to go down. Stay up.
Krislian,
she just came on set.
She knew what
she wanted to do,
but nothing translated.
Powerful face.
Switch up your face
a little bit, remember?
Now, expression in your eyes.
Powerful face.
So what if that's not right?
But does it
look good in the photo?
You gonna get on
the cover of "Vogue"? Yes.
Attitude in the frown.
Get ugly.
- We should move on.
- I got this.
India:
I wanna get best photo
really badly.
I'm ready to stand out.
Make yourself tall. Yes.
More action.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Cody, Chanel.
Chanel, Cody.
Chanel freaking Iman.
Here we go.
Get it. Get it, girl!
Cody:
I saw her shooting for
all the high end brands
that I wanted
to shoot with.
And she just made me
feel like
this kind of stuff
was possible.
Yeah, let's go!
That's sick.
We got this one.
Got it?
Good job, ladies!
( cheering )
All right, guys,
that's a wrap.
CoryAnne:
I'm anxious for panel.
You did great.
I watched you.
- You did?
- Uh-huh.
The judges have
high expectations of me,
so I have to keep
doing really well in shoots,
because at the
end of the day
I just want
to make them proud.
The more days
we have to wait,
the weirder
I feel about it.
I go from confident
to not confident.
You know what I mean?
You just let
your mind wander
way too much.
That was torturous.
You kind of just
want it to happen.
I wish panel would happen
right after your shoot.
Rub my head the way you
rubbed it the first time.
Are you hyped
up right now?
Yes, I'm riddled
with anxiety.
Kyle definitely is
a very affectionate person,
which typically I'm not.
I do need space,
as any human being would.
I am like a light switch.
I flip it on
and I flip it off.
Kyle, leave me
the ( bleep ) alone.
What the ( bleep )?
Marissa has
a little bit of a temper
and that's actually
something I'm going to try
to work on with her,
so I kind of want
to talk to her.
- I don't have that.
- What have I done wrong?
What am I apologizing
for right now?
You are apologizing
for just being so needy
and just so annoying.
Kyle and Marissa
are around each other 24/7.
So eventually things
are gonna crack
and go a little
bit crazy.
Kyle:
Ugh, you are difficult.
I'm not being difficult.
I don't jump
when Kyle says jump.
What?
What did I even--
Jesus God.
You're out of your
( bleep ) mind.
What?
What the ( bleep ), Marissa?
Yeah, I don't know.
I just...
If I were you,
I would just separate
yourself and go to bed,
because I feel like that
wasn't a calm conversation.
( imitates
suspenseful music )
I don't know where
that came from.
- I really am
just so thrown off.
- ( bleep ).
I have an attitude,
and, yes, I may explode,
at times, but, like--
You probably feel
so much better, though.
No? A little bit?
Like, what the ( bleep )?
I don't wanna
talk about this.
It's annoying
and it doesn't need to be
talked about anymore.
We can just
wake up tomorrow
like nothing happened.
Don't get all riled up then.
- Got it, Kyle.
- Got it, girl! Walk away!
Like, I'm not
in the mood, Courtney.
Like, I'm not,
and I've already told you
don't mess with me
when I'm not in the mood.
I already know
how you are.
Like, ( bleep ).
Get out of
my goddamn visual.
I don't want to see you.
Like, everybody wants me
to be the bad guy,
and it's kind--
Hey, look, Marissa--
I'm not ( bleep )
talking to you!
I am having a conversation
in the ( bleep ) living room,
and I all ready told you
I'm not talking to you.
So mind your
goddamn business.
I didn't say your name.
I wasn't saying ( bleep )
about you. Okay?
God, you're
the ( bleep ) victim.
I'm gonna make you look
like the ( bleep ) victim
if you say another
( bleep ) word.
- Hello, ladies.
- Hi.
This week was all about
body image and body strength.
and you got to hang out
with Ashley,
who's very passionate
about this topic.
Then, in the boxing ring,
you battled it out
with supermodel Chanel Iman
in an edgy editorial.
Now, let's say hello
to our judges, shall we?
Gorgeous super model
and body activist,
Ashley Graham.
Our own amazing image
architect to the stars, Law
Roach.
And our incredible
creative consultant
and Chief Creative Officer
at "Paper Magazine,"
Drew Elliot.
The winner of "Next Top Model"
will receive $100,000
and be featured in a commercial
thanks to Rimmel London.
In addition, the winner
will also be featured
in a fashion spread
thanks to "Paper Magazine,"
and get an exclusive
one-year talent deal with VH1.
So, first up, Cody.
Can I just say,
your current wave going on
in this competition
- is really becoming
prominent, am I right?
- I agree.
Rita:
Should we take a look
at your best shot?
- Wow.
- So good.
Rita: I love it.
I love how strong you look
in this photograph.
You really look like
you're holding your own.
Law:
You're literally
standing next to
one of the most beautiful
women in the world
and you're not
intimidated at all.
- So you suck.
- Thank you, Cody.
- Thank you, guys.
Next up, Courtney.
Should we take a look?
Drew:
This isn't my favorite shoot
that you've done.
Can we get
diversity from you
beyond just that cold face
that you're amazing at doing?
Rita:
It's all about
being relatable.
You really just have to
find it in you
to just be connecting
with at least something
or someone, you know?
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- Kyle.
- Go, Kyle! Go, Kyle!
- In a heel.
- Careful. Okay.
Rita:
Let's have a look.
Ashley:
This was a rough day
for you, wasn't it?
Kyle: Yeah.
I think it would
have been easier
if there was
an openness about you.
And I'm really proud
of you today-- the heels.
But I really wish
it would have come
a little bit sooner.
I think you can
agree with me
in saying this isn't
your best shot.
There comes a time
where are you different
enough to succeed?
It's getting close
to crunch point.
These pictures just
have to come through,
and this one,
it just isn't.
- Yeah, thank you, guys.
- Next up, Marissa.
It's strong and fun
at the same time.
This has definitely
got great energy.
It's like oozing
energy out of it,
which is always
a positive for me.
You guys just look
like you've known
each other for ages.
I love how you stand
in front of us
and you look like a baby
and a little girl.
But when you get to the
photo? That's a grown woman.
- Mm-hmm.
- Thank you.
Tatiana.
I like those jeans.
It's fabulous.
You almost look like
we just picked you
out of the wild.
This is the strongest
photograph of you
I've seen so far.
- Thank you.
- I would've liked to see
a little bit more diversity
in your face
and your hands
and actions in this shot,
because it was a lot
of the same thing.
But I think that just
comes with time.
- Thank you, guys.
- Law: Bye, pumpkin.
Rita:
Next up, Paige.
Law: The photo
is really interesting
because I really don't see
Chanel in it at all.
You're being photographed
with a supermodel
and that's
really hard to do. Bravo.
Drew: I think from
the photo shoot perspective,
we had to change the shoot
so that we could get
a good picture from you.
Because you couldn't
hit that photo,
and it was
so blatantly clear
that I was like,
"Let's change directions
and do what
a cheerleader would do
and let's do jump rope."
- You gotta nail it
every time.
- Totally.
You have it in you,
so we gotta see more.
- Absolutely.
- Rita: Thank you.
Next up, Binta.
Let's have a look.
- Power!
- It's powerful, Binta.
This is definitely
a fighting for
attention photograph.
Law:
I really hate to say this,
but I'm becoming a little
bored with you, Binta.
I'm sorry, I am.
I'm thinking,
like, is your photos,
is your personality,
is your presence
strong enough to compete
with some of the other girls
that have the exact same look.
I would love for you
to turn it up some type of way
that changes my mind.
Rita: India.
Drew:
Chanel looks amazing
is what I would say
about this photo.
Rita:
You almost should have
changed positions.
It's, like, you are
so great now in person,
and you just don't give me
the best photos.
I wasn't feeling
comfortable.
I should have talked
to the photographer.
I tried to keep my face
good in every single shot
so you could pick
the one where--
You don't even have to
try with your face.
It's more about your presence
and your body and your angles.
I thought giving you
hair color was gonna help you,
but I still feel like
you're not elevating.
Your style is way better
than Chanel's was,
but she steals the
picture. This is her shoot.
This isn't India's shoot,
unfortunately.
Next up, Krislian.
Let's have a look.
Ashley:
You're not a traditional
high end editorial model,
but in this photo
you gave life.
- I'm so proud of you.
- Thank you so much.
I feel like
you're crumpled in.
I mean, look at Chanel,
for example.
See how her body is longed out
and how she uses her limbs?
She knows what works for her.
Because you are
not the typical body
stature of a model,
you need to emphasize
that even more.
- Thank you, Krislian.
- Thank you so much.
CoryAnne,
shall we have a look?
- Woo!
- Oh, wow!
Yes! That's hot!
- Thank you!
- Do you love it?
- I love it.
- Rita: I can't tell.
You're legs look like
they're never-ending.
But what's amazing
is that I don't even look
at Chanel for a second,
you know? And it's important.
Did you just say,
"Oh, I forgot she was in it?"
I, like, just--
I didn't mean it like that.
I meant I didn't even
look at her yet.
- It's okay.
- I'm just so proud
that you've come out
of your shell at this point.
So I'm happy.
Thanks, CoryAnne.
Models,
you know how this goes.
We will now have a chat
and we will deliberate
on who gets best photo
and who will be
packing up and leaving.
Okay, guys,
let's talk about
who did the best
and who did
the worst this week.
Let's start off with Krislian.
I have to be honest,
she's not making it
to the end.
This is the thing,
I see something
special inside of her
that keeps me saying,
"Keep her."
You find
a connection with her
because she very much
is your story.
Is she America's
next Top Model?
- I don't think so.
- Rita: India.
Why has she not won
best photo yet?
She's sexy, she's cute.
But then again, it's,
like, give me some kind of grit.
Give me something to hold onto.
Do you know what I'm saying?
- CoryAnne.
- CoryAnne's photo.
Rita: I'm so happy
with that photo.
It's just oozing, like,
"I'm growing up
right in front of my eyes."
- Yes, yes.
- Kyle.
She really is
making an effort,
I know she is,
but I am so disappointed.
I don't think Kyle
could stand up to the girls
who have that look
who's working.
If you put her
in a room with Ruby Rose,
you will not notice her.
So, judges, what do we think
and have we decided?
I think so.
Models, welcome back.
The judges have deliberated.
If I call your name,
you'll be staying another week
to prove you have what it
takes to be the next Top Model.
The first name
I'm going to call
is gonna have best photo.
and that person is...
CoryAnne.
CoryAnne, it was amazing.
Right now, you are one
of the ones to beat,
along with the next name
I'm gonna call...
Cody.
Just so you know,
we had a hard time picking
between you and CoryAnne.
We are so looking
forward to seeing
what you're
going to do next.
Thank you.
The next name
I'm going to call...
Tatiana.
Congratulations.
Marissa.
Courtney.
Paige.
Four girls left.
Binta.
The next name
I'm going to call is...
India.
- I like your shoes.
- Thank you.
Models always got high heels.
Will Kyle and Krislian
please step forward?
Krislian, the transition
that you've made
from where you started
to where you are now,
I mean, it makes us so proud.
It was incredible to
watch. But the judges?
We're concerned that
you've reached your peak.
Kyle, this week
was almost a bust for you.
It's so clear to all of us
that you're trying hard.
But the question is,
is that enough?
So, congratulations...
Kyle.
You've made it another week,
and you still have a
chance to become next Top Model.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
- I'm sorry, Krislian.
- That's okay.
Please remember what we said.
When you watch this back,
you won't even
recognize yourself.
You've just turned into
a whole 'nother woman.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for being a part
of "America's Next Top Model."
- Thanks. Thank you.
- Thank you.
Say good-bye to the girls.
Krislian:
I fought very hard
to be here.
I tried to adapt
to this look.
I changed my style.
I practiced every day.
I know I'm stronger than
this, and it's not gonna stop
me.
Thank you for everything.
No one thought I was
gonna make it this far.
Bigger, better things
in my future.
It's important for you
to learn how to move.
The best way to learn
how to move is through dance.
I want you to meet
Beyoncé's personal
choreographer.
All right, so here we go.
You're a model
first and foremost.
A lot of you got lost
in the dance.
Today we're going to
be creating a music video.
It's all about that
connection you have with the
camera.
Give us something.
- You're not listening.
- I'm trying to listen.
Keep the pretty lips shut.
You're as good
as your last job.
Do not forget that.
We see your beauty.